aha
single point of light
an orb whatever the city there's a plane
there's a plane and there is an orb then
they look like they're about to crash
come on come on focus there's a plane in
there's an orb
the plane and there's an orb and the orb
is flashing the orb is flashing
the orb is a solid ball of light there
is no
and now it's gone
oh it's done now it is not there at all
anymore there's no orb The Orb is gone
you see a norm I see no orb or was there
it was flashing outgun there's nothing
there there's nothing in the shot that's
a star
but in focus
no work
see him the plane see the flashing
lights you have to have flashing lights
on an aircraft flying at night at least
two of them red and white and that if
you go and you rewind this video you
will see even i zoomed in there for a
second there was no flashing lights it
was a solid ball of light that
disappeared where did it go where did it
go it's not that this is out of focus if
that was a plane flying away from this
camera it would have faded off into the
distance it's gone
anyways